ENH/BUG: Add No Modulus Option to SLT Calculations, .copy() Fix, and More! (#727)
pysat/pysat: docs/new_instrument.rst

  registry.register_from_module(my_package.instruments)

After registry the instrument module name is stored in the user's home

> directory under :code:`~.pysat`. The instrument may then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory in a hidden directory named :code:`~.pysat`. The instrument may then
```

Optional Routines and Support
-----------------------------

Custom Keywords in Support Methods
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If provided, pysat supports the definition and use of keywords for an

> instrument module so that users may trigger optional features. A custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instrument module so that users may define their preferred default values. A custom
```
